oh no ash what have you done
what what happened
no Nurse Joy
Nurse Joy how dare you laugh at the
death of my lady I challenge you to a
Pokemon duel
what's wrong with you did you hear me
what are you stupid
well I never went to school I've been
preparing for my Pokemon journey ever
since I was a baby you have absolutely
no education no wow I I pity you you're
missing out on so much without an
education being a pokemon trainer is a
gamble not everyone can make a proper
living doing it like me then it's
settled I'll forego my Pokemon training
go back to school
goodbye Pikachu I mean making these poor
creatures fight each other day in and
day out I know what you mean I'd rather
be breeding with them uh I mean breeding
them
we're so cruel I need my zoloft yeah
come on Onix let's go home
prepare for double I'm James
that we finally got him we weren't
supposed to kill him
and so Ash's illustrious journey towards
becoming a pokémon master ends there is
nothing more to show and there never
will be stop watching now